Improve installation guide (#4)
edgelesssys/era: README.md

```

## Install
You can use our pre-built binaries to install era on your machine.
### For the current user
```bash
wget -P ~/.local/bin https://github.com/edgelesssys/era/releases/latest/download/era
chmod +x ~/.local/bin/era
```
### Global install (requires root)
```bash
sudo -O /usr/local/bin/era https://github.com/edgelesssys/era/releases/latest/download/era
sudo chmod +x /usr/local/bin/era
```

> *Note: On machines running Ubuntu, ~/.local/bin is only added to PATH when the directory exists by default and the user has logged in themselves again since it was created. Also, non-default shells such as `zsh` do not add this path by default. Therefore, if you receive `command not found: era` as an error message for a local user installation, either make sure ~/.local/bin was added to your PATH successfully, or simply use the global installation method.*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Note: On machines running Ubuntu, ~/.local/bin is only added to PATH when the directory exists when initializing your bash environment during login. You might need to re-login after creating the directory. Also, non-default shells such as `zsh` do not add this path by default. Therefore, if you receive `command not found: era` as an error message for a local user installation, either make sure ~/.local/bin was added to your PATH successfully or simply use the global installation method.*
```

Author: Yup, that sounds better and more descriptive. Will apply.
